introduce create_host_path (#163)
compose-spec/compose-spec: spec.md

- `read_only`: flag to set the volume as read-only
- `bind`: configure additional bind options
  - `propagation`: the propagation mode used for the bind

>   - `create_host_path`: create source path on host if missing. This is automatically implied by short syntax.

Reviewer: Nit: document this is caused by legacy reasons ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `create_host_path`: create a directory at the source path on host if there is nothing present. Do nothing if there is something present at the path. This is automatically implied by short syntax.
```
